DBZ-1865 First draft of MySQL rewrite (#2084)
debezium/debezium: documentation/modules/ROOT/pages/connectors/mysql.adoc

endif::community[]

[WARNING]
====
The MySQL connector has been rewritten (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/DBZ-1865[DBZ-1865]) to the standard framework starting with *1.5.0.Alpha* release.
The connector behaviour is almost in parity with the original one.

> The only feature that was dropped (and will be re-introduced later in a different form) is the parallel snapshotting (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/DBZ-175[DBZ-175]).

Reviewer: We never officially announced this feature, so I would not mention it here.

> If you depend on a missing feature or you hit another difference in behviour (please log a link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/DBZ[Jira issue]) then you can use the legacy implementation by setting `internal.implementation=legacy` config option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you depend on a missing feature or you hit another difference in behaviour (please log a link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/DBZ[Jira issue]) then you can use the legacy implementation by setting `internal.implementation=legacy` config option.
```

> [WARNING]
> ====
> The MySQL connector has been rewritten (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/DBZ-1865[DBZ-1865]) to the standard framework starting with *1.5.0.Alpha* release.
> The connector behaviour is almost in parity with the original one.
> The only feature that was dropped (and will be re-introduced later in a different form) is the *experimental* parallel snapshotting (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/DBZ-175[DBZ-175]).
> 
> If you depend on a missing feature or you hit another difference in behaviour (please log a link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/DBZ[Jira issue]) then you can use the legacy implementation by setting `internal.implementation=legacy` config option.
> ====

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[NOTE]
====
A new capturing implementation for the Debezium MySQL connector has been created as of the starting with *1.5.0.Alpha* release (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/DBZ-1865[DBZ-1865]),
based on the common connector framework used by all the other Kafka Connect connectors of Debezium. 
The connector behaviour is almost in parity with previous implementation,
with the exception of the *experimental* parallel snapshotting feature (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/DBZ-175[DBZ-175]), which isn't available with the new implementation yet and which is planned to be re-introduced later in a different form.

If you encounter any issues with the new MySQL connector implementation, please log a link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/DBZ[Jira issue]; in this case, you can use the legacy implementation by setting the `internal.implementation=legacy` connector configuration option.
====
```
